# assignment

1.The first cell contains the code to clone the repository.  Just simply run the cell once when using it on colab.

Note - While running this notebook on google colab, change runtime type to GPU.

2.In the Second cell we download a youtube video from the link given by the user and enter start and end values and crop the video such that it only contains the duration between start and end. The video trimming is done using ffmpeg. The output video of this cell is stored in Sample Data folder (Sample Data > input_video.mp4).

3.In the third cell we provide the path of the audio to be included in the Lip Synced Video. This Cell writes the audio to Sample Data folder (Sample Data > input_audio.wav).

4.The Last cell takes the input_video.mp4 and input_audio.wav and makes a lip synced video using the LipGan model. The results of this cell are stored in results folder under Wave2Lip Directory (Wave2Lip > results > result_voice.mp4).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional Information - 

I have read the problem statement that "Listed" is trying to solve. I feel this type of products are very much required.

I have observed the following issues while trying to solve the problem as per the problem statement:

1.The output generated by above model is not up to mark as the LipGan Model is not trained of Some Languages (which Includes Telugu as used in our assignment). Due to this we do not get a good output.

2.The second problem is that for Wave2Lip to function effectively the video (input_video.mp4) should contain faces in all the frames. With this limitation we cannot simply upload a video and a audio file and expet the model to give a production level output video.

Due to following reasons its not stright forward to develop a LipSync Software.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I would propose the following methodology to build a Lip Sync Software:

1. Identify the frames in the video which contains faces and trim the vidoe to multiple parts accordingly.
2. Once we obtain the trimmed videos trim the audio with the corresponding time frame and generate a audio file for every trimmed video made.
3. Now perform Lip Sync on the trimmed video and audio pairs and merge all the videos to make a lip synced video.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Along with the other methodology we also have to train these existing models on Indian Languages so that the lip sync happens is a seamless manner.

Thank You



